Till vår kund söker vi Design Systems Engineer - iOS, enligt nedan: Beskrivning:   We are looking for Design Systems
Engineer – iOS  Design Systems Engineers are the nexus of design and development. They push the boundaries of user
interface design and design systems at the customer. As a Design Systems Engineer, you will contribute your technical
know-how and design aesthetic to push the customers current standards to an even higher level. An eye for details is as
critical as an ability to see the big picture as you develop UI and animation libraries, design tools and foundational
frameworks.  You will be joining our Design Language Systems team, where you’ll develop the core building blocks that
make up the customer interface across all of our apps and integrations. You’ll work closely with our designers to craft
our signature interactions and make sure our apps look beautiful and feel exciting across platforms. You’ll be
responsible for developing attractive and functional interfaces that adapt to a range of devices. You should be an
advocate for iOS’s native practices, accessibility, usability, and set the quality bar very high.  The impact of your
work at the customer will be significant as you ship products that are a part of the lives of millions of users every
single day. If you’re interested in making a global impact by delivering creative user experiences – we’d love to hear
from you.  Responsibilities - Develop clean, efficient, and reusable code.  - Identify and address design, development,
and delivery performance bottlenecks.  - Invent new ways of solving cross-platform design problems at scale.  -
Collaborate with designers, writers, engineers and partners across the company.  - Actively participate in code and
design reviews.  Requirements  - You bring a mastery of Apple HIG and/or Material Design, an aptitude for animation, and
an inclination towards interface design.  - You have a thorough understanding of the current state of the art in design
systems  - You care deeply about app performance and accessibility.  - You are a good communicator and an empathetic,
attentive listener with the capability to anticipate the needs of partners.  - The depth of your technical expertise
lies on iOS, but you display a curiosity for Android and macOS development as well as exposure to Web and Backend
technologies.  - You are passionate about developing interfaces that are both functional and attractive.  - You gained
experience engineering, developing and evolving a high-quality mobile application.  - You have built complex libraries
that were used by multiple teams.  We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We strongly believe that
diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better
product for our users and our creators.  Start: 27 augusti Uppdragslängd: Året ut Placeringsort: 100% på plats hos
kunden, StockholmProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion