Assignment description: For an interesting development project, we are seeking a senior Linux Programmer and Scrum Lead. You know Python at your fingertips and are comfortable with working with both back-end and frontend code. You can independently develop complete applications from start to finish. If you have worked with TDD this is an advantage. Working with version control is second nature to you. You are an experienced user of Unix / Linux CLI and have at least basic knowledge of how to configure network services such as DHCP, etc. You will work closely with a team of experienced senior Linux developers and report to a Team Leader. To ensure the high quality of your work requires that you document your work and is accurate.   Duties:﻿ • Scrum Master for the development team • Develop and integrate backend tools primarily in Python / Bash • Develop web-based frontend interface from low-level Linux (Python / Bash)   Required qualifications: • Higher academic education, engineering or equivalent • General platform knowledge from retail industry (POS) • At least 5 years of experience of larger complex solutions in Linux (Suse) • Minimum 5 years of documented work of code development • Very good knowledge of Python, Django, shell scripting • Fluency in Swedish and English in speech and writing • Very good knowledge of open source software and tools • Good knowledge of version control systems (Git) • Experience in system integration • Large scale automation of Linux-servers (e.g. Ansible, Puppet, Salt, Chef etc) • Experience in Java and Java Pos • Experience in EFT • Experience in HW platform integration (SUSE) • Experience of compiling and building and development environments • Preferably knowledge of test methodologies / preparation of test cases • Preferably knowledge of test automation • Preferably previously have developed web based management environments  • Agile Systems Development and as a Scrum Master.   Merit knowledge tools / technology / software: • Django • Javascript, Java POS • HTML5 • jQuery • Bootstrap • Jenkins CI • PyUnit / Python setuptools • CM such as salt, Ansible, Fabric • Open Build Service (openSUSE) • RPM packaging • DHCP / BOOTP / PXE / DNS • VMware • SUSE Enterprise Linux   Personal characteristics: • Very accurate • Comfortable to work on your own • Driven   You must submit two reference cases that show work experience in the above.   Start: asap tom: 31/10Profinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion