Till vår kund söker vi en Program Manager IoT, enligt nedan: Full Job Description Manage and have the overall
responsibility of new product and concept development projects  Plan, execute and follow-up assigned project.  Take
active part in defining the project objectives together with product marketing and technical area management.  Position
Description Ensure that aspects such as project timing, investments, product cost, quality and performance are delivered
according to specification.  Perform all tasks according to existing Product development process.  Report progress to
the selected governance structure.  Ensure actions to mitigate deviations and changes in the project in collaboration
with other functions such as R&D, Product Line, Marketing, Supply and Industrial design. Essential Duties and
Responsibilities As Program Manager Connectivity you will be is responsible for analyzing project opportunities and
defining features or functions of a specific project. The role spans many activities from strategic to tactical and
serves an inter-disciplinary role, bridging gaps within the company between teams of different expertise, most notably
between engineering-oriented teams and commercially-oriented teams. Position Requirements Experience with Internet of
Things development Projects and/or connected appliances needed  Experience in managing Product development Projects 
Knowledge about leading project management process models  Business oriented mindset Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Required Experience with Internet of Things development.  Projects and/or connected appliances needed Soft Competencies
Good leadership and networking skills with ability to motivate and develop people  Good communication skills, capacity
to work in multi cultural Environment Start: Maj Uppdragslängd: 1 år Placeringsort: 100% på plats hos kunden,
StockholmProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion