This is the job... Our customer is looking for a Senior Project Managers to work within the Projects and Quality office
to run network projects internationally. As a Senior Project Manager you are responsible for managing a wide variety of
projects and in this case with focus mainly in the network area in one or multiple countries. The projects typically
involve network integrations often with third party suppliers but also IT, business processes, product and process
development etc. In short the role encompasses to drive projects from initiation to project closure in close cooperation
with the team and stakeholders. • The role requires strong project, people and change management skills in order to
plan, manage and steer projects while navigating in a complex environment. • You will need a strong customer and
stakeholder focus. You must also possess a broad telecom expertise and understand the business need and benefit to align
with stakeholder requirements. • You are passionate about leading and partnering with others in the organization in
order to fulfill the project goal. • You have excellent communication and interpersonal skills in your contact with the
project team, different stakeholders throughout the organization and towards the steering committee. This is what you
have... • Your background is as an experienced project manager preferably from the Telecommunications and IT market. You
have minimum 5 years of working experience as a project/program manager from managing high profile business critical
projects. • You have an extensive and documented experience from successfully delivering projects in a complex
environment in an international setting. Experience from cloud soultions, digitalization and agile projects is an
advantage. • You have a relevant university degree • A project certification is advantageous but can be compensated by a
track-record of successful project deliveries. Experience from agile projects is an advantage. • You are fluent in
English and Swedish, both verbally and in writing. Start Date:   2018-01-10 End Date:   2018-04-30Profinder – erfarna
konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion