För kunds räkning söker vi en Senior IT-projektledare, enligt nedan:   Senior Project Manager The mission •      Central ownership to facilitate, drive and report progress of the total country scope (Business & IT) – Link between Central Project and Local Country •      Finalize and establish first Engagement Package •      Engagement Package Responsible: Early Engagement, Establishing Key User collaboration networks, following up on local Business Transformation Lead, Business Relation Manager activities driven by the project, supported by Change Lead etc. •      Overall responsible of Country specific requirements gathering and design collaboration to deploy preparation and Go-live: •      Responsible for ensuring that the Country Project Team (cross Central and Local) completes the project •      Planning and designing the project and proactively monitoring its progress, resolving issues and initiating appropriate corrective action according to Engagement Package •      Liaise with the Business Lead in order to ensure that alignment between the Business and IT activities so that Business objectives and requirements are met •      Give inputs to the program's governance arrangements Location •      Work will be carried out mainly in Stockholm but you will have several members sitting remote. •      Short occasional traveling within Europe (~One a month) will be required align with the local business organizations. You •      Experience •      Are experienced with leading cross functional teams consisting of IT, central and local business in SAP Projects in a change management oriented fashion •      Experience of multi country roll-outs •      Experience of leading or assisting change management strategy and implementation •      Experience of working in large (+50 people) projects Typical background You as project manager left trail of successful implementations and rollout projects behind you and come highly recommended. Proven experience of building a strong collaborative project team across disciplines and interacting with different cultures is a necessity.  It is important that you have dealt with projects combining business development with technology and system development in a consumer facing environment. We are working according to the 360 degree consumer view which make this change even more critical.  Your strengths You have delivered several large and complex projects that include many different stakeholders, preferably in an international company with business activities in many countries. You can effectively build and drive a project team to deliver on time. With ease you navigate in a multicultural environment and adjust your way of working depending on the counterparts, without losing focus on your deliverables.  You have strong organizational skills, including planning and managing deadlines, and the ability to handle several tasks in parallel in a structured way. You use organized planning tools, create strong follow-up structures, are good at managing Steering Committee meetings and project group meetings and seek clarity, alignment and clear decisions on how to progress throughout the project. You do not fear transparency and flag any concerns early. You are result driven and a passionate team player used to cooperate with decision-makers and colleagues with different backgrounds. You need to be fairly hands-on and in the details while able to consolidate and filter information based on context and audience. Your (business) English is excellent both verbal and written. Any proficiency in Swedish would be beneficial.   Start: Omgående Placeringsort: 100% på plats hos kund, Stockholm Uppdragslängd: LöpandeProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion