We are looking for a senior iOS developer responsible for the development and maintenance of our ios application aimed at a range of iOS devices. Your primary focus will be development of and experimentation on iOS features and their integration with back-end services. You will be working alongside other engineers and developers working on different layers of the infrastructure. Therefore, a commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and the creation of quality products is essential. Our client is build using a mixture of objective-c and c/c++ so we think that you probably have 6-7 years of experience from working on client development in a similarly complex system.     Responsibilities Design and build our application for the iOS platform Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications Collaborate with a team to define, design, and ship new features Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Lead planning for work-related team activities Prioritize and lead tech initiatives/projects within a team Drive tech strategy within a team Delivering on large, complex tasks as defined and on schedule, managing all dependencies and communication cross-functionally. Identify team weaknesses, suggests and leads implementation of solutions, and works to overcome obstacles to achieve team-level goals. Be part in creating an environment where the team members are actively and comfortably holding each other accountable. Holding the team accountable for incidents, driving improvements to fix root causes and implement preventive measures.   Skills Proficient with Objective-C, and Cocoa Touch Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc. Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services Knowledge of other web technologies and UI/UX standards Understanding of Apple’s design principles and interface guidelines Knowledge of low-level C-based libraries is preferred Experience with performance and memory tuning with tools Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications Knack for benchmarking and optimization Proficient understanding of Git, or other code versioning tools Familiarity with continuous integration       Job Posting Start Date:   2018-10-29 Job Posting End Date:   2019-03-31Profinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion