  We are looking for an Agile Coach who are eager to
inspire, engage and motivate the development teams. In this
position you will be a part of Business to Consumer IT (B2C
IT). The unit takes initiatives for the IT- and digital
products in Sweden. Together with the Commercial and
Marketing teams. We develop new products - from start to
finish. We create services that bring value to our customers
and help us achieve our business goals.   About the role As
an Agile coach within B2C IT you will work closely with
different teams to help them develop their Agile skills in
order to become self-sufficient and benefit from Agile
approaches. You will support the start-up of new teams and
projects, give advice to improve the application of
Scrum/Kanban throughout projects, and make sure that the
best practices are being used. As an Agile coach you are
just as comfortable acting as Scrum Master within a team as
you are coaching Agile values to business and executive
stakeholders.   These are some of your responsibilities:
•                         Define the Agile approach,
principles and practices •                         Coach
Scrum Masters to help them familiarize with their role
•                         Help teams implement Agile
development approaches and grow into DevOps practices
•                         Work to help all levels of the
organization understand the benefits of working agile   You
will work in a fast-paced and dynamic work environment with
other Agile coaches who share your passion about
communication, group dynamics and coaching.   What we are
looking for   We are looking for someone who is a genuine
coach whom with ease engage, motivate and inspire your teams
and colleagues. In this role it will be important that you
understand the mechanisms of Agile practices and software
development processes so you easily are able to communicate
the vision to others. We believe you have first class
facilitation and coaching skills and you are great at
visualizing ideas and knows what tools you need to make them
reality. We believe that you thrive when you can create the
right conditions for your teams and you get a kick out of
helping people.   Besides the previous description we would
like you to have the following skills:
•                         3+ years working as an Agile Coach
with high performing, cross-functional, self-organising
teams. •                         Great experience with user
story mapping, ATDD, BDD, value stream mapping, continuous
delivery etc. •                         Great understanding
and knowledge of both Scrum and Kanban.
•                         Experience from other roles within
IT.   We are looking for a person who is curious and who is
always seeking to improve themselves - as well as the team.
You are not afraid to make mistakes but more importantly,
you are never afraid to ask for help.     Job Posting Start
Date:   2020-02-10 Job Posting End Date:   2020-05-09  
 Profinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion