  What you’ll do: You will be responsible design and
development of new features & prototypes for our mobile UI’s
for both Android and iOS platforms, working together with
the UX/UI-team.  As a software developer within the
UX/UI-team you’ll be actively involved throughout the entire
interface development process. From user research, design
and idea-generation to conceptualization, testing and
implementation.  You’ll be working with a variety of
stakeholders, both within our departments and outside. For
instance User Researchers, Interaction-, Visual- and
Industrial Designers to Hardware Engineers, Product Owners
and Project Managers.   What skills to bring: The home
appliance market domain is increasingly fast paced and is
today being influenced by many other areas of the consumer
electronic market. The UX/UI-team works and creates
deliverables across a broad spectrum – both in terms of
technology and products.   Therefore, with your background,
we believe that you should… ·     Possess a Computer Science
or Software engineering degree ·     Should have min 3 yrs
of experience developing for iOS and Android, with good
knowledge about Swift for iOS and Java/Kotlin for Android.
·     UI/UX development experience, knowing
the Apple/Android guidelines, using Storyboards, auto
layout, constraints (via UI and code) ·     Have a solid
understanding of Object-oriented programming, Design
Patterns, and Test Driven Development; ·     Great English
language skills, other languages always a bonus.   And it
would be good if you have experience with… ·     Version
control, specifically: Git Gitflow   ·     Build management:
iOS: Cocoapods/Carthage/Swift Package Manager Android:
Gradle in case of Android   ·     Continuous integration
tools: Jenkins Travis Circle CI   ·     Apple/Google
Developer account setup (apps, certificates, profiles), how
to configure an application, push notifications, how to
upload and maintain a production app (have at least 2 or 3
released applications)  ·     Realm/Core Data/SQLite: Solid
knowledge about local storage/persistence and how to
optimize and safely work with it; ·     Hybrid App
Frameworks PhoneGap Xamarin Sencha React   That’s why we
believe that you as a person…  ·     are comfortable with
being responsible for a tech area. ·     are self
going, with a pro-active work attitude and ability to
organize personal work to meet deadlines. 
·     are creative, energetic and inspire others.
·     dare to innovate and propose new solutions and
approaches, also challenging existing ones.  ·     are a
strong communicator and have skills to help you carry a
clear and concise dialog with internal clients and
stakeholders ·     find yourself comfortable
in a multidisciplinary and international setting.   
Startdate: 2019-01-19 End date: 2020-01-20 möjlighet till
förlängningProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion