För kunds räkning söker vi nu en Backendutvecklare inom
.NET, C#, enligt nedan: Your purpose? To create a industry
leading platform and experience within the iGaming industry.
To achieve this we need smart and passionate people who love
what they do. We offer you to work in an environment with
likeminded people where you have opportunity to grow and be
challenged on a daily basis! Your role? You will join as a
Back End Developer in one of the development service teams,
enabling your colleagues in the customer facing product
teams. Your team, lead by your Tech Lead, will work closely
with the product organization to create experiences that are
a cut above the rest! As a team member, you will drive and
develop innovative ideas that takes our gaming experience to
new heights together with your team! Who are you? You are a
humble team player, yet, you don’t have any issue to roll up
your sleeves when push comes to shove! You take pride and
ownership in everything you do. You are passionate about
development and the quality of your code. It would not
surprise us if you are active in the open source community
or run a few pet projects of your own. To you feedback is a
valuable tool to grow and also to strengthen our combined
knowledge and expertise. What are we looking for?  As Back
End Developer, you will be working in an international and
fast paced environment with the goal to create the world’s
best iGaming experience. By working in small and dynamic
teams you will be a part of shaping the future for how
players consume our gaming experience – want to join our
team? Being a back end developer you should have: - A few
years practical experience of working with C# .Net in a
test-driven, agile development - Worked with microservices
and understand why they exist - Have built REST APIs
together with swagger documentation - Skills to be a problem
solver when it’s needed - Interest in following developers
community actively and be passionate about .Net development
Specifika kompetenser ·      .NET ·      C#  Profinder –
erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion