Till vår kund i norrort söker vi en Core Network
coordinator: Work description: Both Core network and OSS are
very critical components for radio products development &
verification. You will work with a geographically
distributed cellular operator like core network located in
different sites in Sweden, Western Europe, North America and
Asia. The network consists today of legacy
platforms/products and also a new virtualized environment is
introduced in a test environment as a supplement to the
legacy nodes. Monitoring OSS solutions consist of
support/maintenance system for Radio nodes, run on remote
servers. Team tasks today is to work with
improvements/functionality based primarily on test
organization requirements, also to coordinate work with
critical Trouble reports issues towards the Core
Network/OSS. The team is also responsible for maintaining a
long term strategy for Core Network/OSS with regards to
SW/HW. Upgrade/replacement. Also, very critical to
coordinate with test organizations for their requirements.  
Needed competence profile: - A full-time resource is needed
to work with the geographically distributed cellular
operator like core network/OSS supporting both Global ICT
Center moves and daily operations work with an E2E
perspective.  - A technical resource that can coordinate
with stakeholders and manage both Core network and OSS/ENM
based on the need of test organizations with requested HW
and SW.  - Gather & analyze many product development
requirements and understanding of E2E test setup in order to
Support test organization with solutions that fit their test
needs with a cost efficient and long term perspective.  -
Good knowledge of SW development and project management
process and procedures. - Additionally, knowledge in cloud
technology is an advantage.  Start: Så snart som möjligt
Uppdragslängd: 12 mån Placeringsort: Stockholm,
norrortProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion