Nu söker vi en DevOps Engineer med bakgrund från utveckling,
enligt nedan:   In this position you will be a part of
Business to Consumer IT (B2C IT). The unit takes initiatives
for the IT- and digital products in Sweden, for example our
commerce, self-service, identity and branding solutions.
Together with the Commercial and Marketing teams we develop
new products - from start to finish. We create services that
bring value to our customers and help us achieve our
business goals.     About this position As a DevOps Engineer
you will work with implementing and maintaining the right
tools for B2C IT to ensure smooth and seamless IT-deliveries
with high quality. This is done by standardizing processes,
stabilizing infrastructure, enabling automation and reducing
human intervention. In this role you will be responsible for
the digital development logistics from start to finish as
well as for operational IT-services. These are some of your
responsibilities Cloud infrastructure: Automation,
configuration, deployment, monitoring CI/CD: Automated
build, test and deployment of applications and services.
Site Reliability: Design for operational quality, monitoring
and maintenance Monitoring and sanity checks of IT-services,
using metrics to improve performance and quality Catering
for data driven operational insights   You will work in a
dynamic and forward-thinking environment. As a DevOps
Engineer within B2C IT you are also a part of various forums
meeting on a regular basis to share knowledge and exchange
thoughts and ideas.     What we are looking for We are
looking for a technically skilled DevOps Engineer,
preferably you have a few years’ experience working as a
developer. We believe you have a proactive way of working
and have an eye for details so you easily can troubleshoot
issues. You have a great ability to collaborate with others,
take note of alternate viewpoints and implement the best
solution.   Besides the previous description we would like
you to have the following skills:     Experience from
implementing and maintaining CI/CD pipelines Experience in
utilizing metrics to drive improvements Experience in cloud
environments (preferably Azure)   We are looking for a
person who is curious and who is always seeking to improve
themselves - as well as the team. You are not afraid to make
mistakes but more importantly, you are never afraid to ask
for help.    Start: 2019-03-18 End:   2019-06-15
Placeringsort: 100% på plats, StockholmProfinder – erfarna
konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion