Förhandlingsbart (-) Timmar per vecka: 37.5Finland, EsboFor
our client we are looking for a seasoned Layout / Piping
Lead Engineer for the client's global project team. This is
an exciting and unique opportunity to witness and to be
involved in the whole life cycle of a plant! Also Junior
Engineers with relevant background are encouraged to apply.
Job description: The Layout / Piping Chief Engineer will be
coordinating the mechanical design team of global Layout and
Piping projects with the support of the Project Manager.
Teams vary depending on the project (1-5 pax) and the focus
will be on one project at a time. The main tool is Aveva
E3D. The project starts with basic plant designing
proceeding with detail design and supervision and eventually
to site support. Fluent English is required in the position.
No regular travelling is required in the position, but
visits to global clients will take place occasionally. The
suitable candidate holds preferably a Bachelor's or Master's
degree in Mechanical Engineering and has relevant strong
background in plant or process design. He/she is driven,
with strong work ethic and has strong interpersonal and
communication skills to support his/her team as well as
interacting with stakeholders and clients. We are looking
for an expert who would be willing to engage for longer
term. Required skills: - Bachelor's or Master's degree in
Mechanical Engineering - 3D CAD, Aveva E3D preferred -
Relevant mechanical layout and piping design experience or
plant background - Valid Occupational Safety Card - English
- Strong interpersonal and communication skills Preferred
skills: - Aveva E3D Start: ASAP Duration: Until end of year
2019 + possible extension Location: Espoo Work load: 100%
Working language: English Please, apply directly through our
system with - your updated CV - your hourly rate (all
included) - name and telephone number to 2 reference persons
eWork can contact (we will contact your reference persons
first after contact with you) - information on when you are
available to start - in the Motivation describe why you are
suitable for this assignment - refer to earlier assignments,
employments, education and personal qualities.Namn: Maarja
Saar Telefon: +358407292638 E-post:
Maarja.Saar@eworkgroup.comFör att skicka in en ansökan till
detta projekt klicka på Ansök med nån av dina profiler
ovan.Skicka en fråga eller ett tips till Ework om detta
projekt.+46 (0) 8 50 60 55 00 info@eworkgroup.com Terms &
conditions