Förhandlingsbart (-) Timmar per vecka: 37.5Norge, OsloFor
our client we are looking for a Design Manager (Project
manager) Job description: As a Design manager, you are a key
person for the success of the projects that the company is
developing, and that have varied tasks where you work
closely with production. Design managers have overall
responsibility and follow the projects all the way from idea
and stance/support on purchasing to finished design
documents. During the project's progress, it is the Design
manager's responsibility to coordinate, Architect and
Technical solutions regarding all the parts of the project
and to define, assess and economically price the necessary
measures for the project. Key tasks: • To be guiding in the
establishment of planning timetable, drawing delivery plan
and boundary drawing lists. • Managing design review
meetings. • To report changes, extensions and outgoing work
(ATA) regarding program changes during the design phase. •
Participating in construction meetings and other project
meetings when needed in the transition between planning
stage to production stage. • Budgeting, monitoring and
establishing project design planning costs. Overall Design
budget Input (part of Total Budget). • To coordinate
documentation for relations documents. • Input to the
project schedule (defining tasks, durations and ext. input)
for WPM work stream. • Input to RFQ for Construction and
MEP, Fire safety and Acoustic installation deliveries. •
Assisting in defining technical requirements for internal
sourcing process • Coordination Architect Design, Technical
design and interface management with other work streams
(WPM, ID, DWP, Network, FM and Security) • Coordinate
Quantity Surveillance for price level of design elements
that effect construction works, installation of MEP, Fire
safety, DWP, Network, FM services and Security. • Attending
and contributing to the Project meetings • Attending SCOM
meetings when required Skills: Design manager is a work
title that describes a supervisor and can, for example, have
a basic education at Civil Engineer, Bachelor of Engineering
or Master of Science in Engineering. In order to succeed in
the role of Design manager, it is important that you are
committed, responsible and have the ability to prioritize
effectively in order to keep deadlines and achieve set
project goals. You also need strong business focus and the
ability to steer and motivate consultants to work together
and strive for the same goals. Design managers need great
interest in various technical solutions and very good
collaborative skills as well as well-developed ability to
take initiative and independently make decisions. It is also
important that you are communicative, clear and have the
ability to build good relationships both internally and
externally. Start: Asap Duration: 50% from now until May,
100% from May to October 2019 Location: Oslo Work load: 50%
from now until May, 100% from May to October 2019 Working
language: Norwegian Please, apply directly through our
system with - your updated CV - your hourly rate (all
included) - name and telephone number to 2 reference persons
eWork can contact (we will contact your reference persons
first after contact with you) - information on when you are
available to start - in the Motivation describe why you are
suitable for this assignment - refer to earlier assignments,
employments, education and personal qualities.Namn:
Katarzyna Anna Wontorczyk Telefon: E-post:
katarzyna.wontorczyk@eworkgroup.comFör att skicka in en
ansökan till detta projekt klicka på Ansök med nån av dina
profiler ovan.Skicka en fråga eller ett tips till Ework om
detta projekt.+46 (0) 8 50 60 55 00 info@eworkgroup.com
Terms & conditions