Förhandlingsbart (-) Timmar per vecka: 40.0StockholmFor our client we are looking for a Infrastructure Architect (Bank) About the job Release & Delivery Management is a department responsible for IT delivery at Swedbank Försäkring. We are organized in cross functional agile teams responsible for all aspects of our IT landscape from operations and maintenance to development. You will, together with the value stream architects and the teams, be involved in the development process from start to finish. In the role you will be responsible for creating IT solutions that fulfill business requirements while following architectural guidelines. The most important tasks will be to work with the technical and infrastructure aspect of all IT activities You will interact with team managers, APO, scrum master, business analyst’s application specialist, architects I/O- functions and other stakeholders. You will have the opportunity to make an impact and create great value for our customers. What you need to succeed You are a committed technical architect with a good grip of infra structure technologies and patterns. You also have experience from working within an Enterprise environment in a large organization. As a person you need to be a communicative team player who enjoys sharing your knowledge and learning from your colleagues. You are a problem solver who gets motivated by new responsibilities. • You coordinate technical activities in relation to IT delivery and infrastructure & operations department • Supporting development teams in technical and infrastructure related issues • Handling technical life cycle issues. • Specifying and analyzing infra requirements and architecture design Competence and experiences • Good knowledge of IT infrastructure – Windows Server 2012 Troubleshooting, Active Directory, networking (OSI) • Solid experience in a technical support, service minded person • Some understanding of Java EE would be beneficial, supporting of Java-based applications • Basic understanding of ITIL • Windows PowerShell • Microsoft SQL – good working knowledge, both administration and development • Experience in coordination of IT activities • Experienced in defining non-functional requirements together with business stakeholders (Availability, Performance) • Experienced in preparing and deploying new infrastructure in an enterprise environment What you may have worked with previously • IT operations (ITIL) • Technical architect • Other senior technical role Potential next steps in your career after this job • Domain/Area Architect. • APO You have preferably an academic degree in an appropriate IT/Design discipline. Start: As soon as possible Duration: More info coming Location: Stockholm Work load: 100% Working language: English Please, apply directly through our system with - your updated CV - your hourly rate (all included) - name and telephone number to 2 reference persons eWork can contact (we will contact your reference persons first after contact with you) - information on when you are available to start - in the Motivation describe why you are suitable for this assignment - refer to earlier assignments, employments, education and personal qualities.För att skicka in en ansökan till detta projekt klicka på Ansök med nån av dina profiler ovan.Skicka en fråga eller ett tips till Ework om detta projekt.+46 (0) 8 50 60 55 00 info@eworkgroup.com Terms & conditions