Förhandlingsbart (-) Timmar per vecka: 37.5Finland, VandaFor our technology industry client, we are looking for a mechanical steel structure designer to join their global project design team. Junior Engineers are also considered for the assignment, if their Thesis is on steel structure design and they are interested in working in mechanical steel structure design. Job description: The open position is part of a team engaged in mechanical design of environmental emission control systems used at power plants. The main tool is SolidWorks. The suitable candidate holds preferably a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Mechanical Engineering and has relevant steel structure design experience. Capability to do basic level technical calculations such as sizing of bolted and welded joints etc. is a must. He/she is driven, self-managed and with a strong work ethic and ambition to succeed. Flexibility, ability to take in feed-back, good interpersonal and communication skills all contributes to success. The internal working language is preferably Finnish. Yet, English is required in the work related to CAD-modelling and documentation. We are looking for an expert who would be willing to engage for longer term. Required skills: - Bachelor's or Master's degree in Mechanical Engineering - Experience in Mechanical steel structure design (boilers, ducts, conveyors, ESPs or smaller steel structure products such as loading ramps) - Good skills in SolidWorks mechanical design (esp. sheet metal, steel structures) including solid modelling, assemblies and production drawings - Strength of materials (Eurocode, FEM) - Manufacturing methods and manufacturing - Valid Occupational Safety Card - English Preferred skills: - Design experience in electrostatic precipitators - PDMS user experience - ePDM experience - Parameterisation in SolidWorks Skills in Creating Configurations and in VBA programming as well as good skills in Excel are appreciated. Start: ASAP Duration: Until further notice Location: Vantaa Work load: 100% Working language: English, Finnish preferred Please, apply directly through our system with - your updated CV - your hourly rate (all included) - name and telephone number to 2 reference persons eWork can contact (we will contact your reference persons first after contact with you) - information on when you are available to start - in the Motivation describe why you are suitable for this assignment - refer to earlier assignments, employments, education and personal qualities.Namn: Maarja Saar Telefon: +358407292638 E-post: Maarja.Saar@eworkgroup.comFör att skicka in en ansökan till detta projekt klicka på Ansök med nån av dina profiler ovan.Skicka en fråga eller ett tips till Ework om detta projekt.+46 (0) 8 50 60 55 00 info@eworkgroup.com Terms & conditions