69.0-69.0 EUR per timme (-) Timmar per vecka: 37.5Finland,
HelsingforsFor our client on a banking industry, we are
looking for Fullstack Developer The project is about
developing a web portal for the client's internal use. They
will use it to ease the DevOps functionalities in their
internal projects in cloud. The project is an excellent peak
in DevOps world for a full stack developer. This resourcing
is a replacement for a consultant, who is leaving the
project for a personal reasons. The consultant said he liked
the project very much and that he enjoyed being able to use
his full stack experience to the fullest. The team is
English speaking and consists of one front end developer,
some Opensift and DevOps experts. Work will be done onsite
at Helsinki, Vallila. The team is rather small, so the
client is looking someone with pro active attitude and
willingness to reach outside the title. We are looking for
consultant with following experience: • Hands-on modern Java
experience (Java 8+) • Hands-on experience with JavaScript
and React framework • Comfortable with using Linux command
line • Curious about modern technologies • OpenShift
Container Platform What is expected from the applicant is: -
Knowledge (at least some basic) in theory of algorithms and
data structures - Knowledge in design patterns (at least the
most common ones) - Expertise in Java language, especially
J2EE and service implementation - Understanding of
application stack from top to bottom at least on principal
level – layers, OSI, managed vs native code, web servers &
OS assets interaction (message blocks, message bus, sockets,
TCP/IP protocols), some knowledge about databases (NoSQL,
SQL), infrastructure knowledge – NIC, Firewalls, Routers,
servers. Once again, not on expert level but having a big
picture in the head of how all those things work together.
Nice to have: • Awareness of containerization The
assignments starts at asap and lasts till 31.3.2019. There
is possible continuation. Please, apply directly through our
system with - your updated CV - your hourly rate (all
included) - name and telephone number to 2 reference persons
eWork can contact (we will contact your reference persons
first after contact with you) - information on when you are
available to start - in the Motivation describe why you are
suitable for this assignment - refer to earlier assignments,
employments, education and personal qualities.Note: Please
make sure to include an English version of your CV with your
application.För att skicka in en ansökan till detta projekt
klicka på Ansök med nån av dina profiler ovan.Skicka en
fråga eller ett tips till Ework om detta projekt.+46 (0) 8
50 60 55 00 info@eworkgroup.com Terms & conditions