Förhandlingsbart (-) Timmar per vecka: 37.5Norge, OsloFor
our client we are looking for a Technical project lead with
architect knowledge. Online e-post is a product that Telenor
have had for many years and have a significant customer
base. There have not been performed improvement last years
and the customer experience is not what a Telenor product
shall have. This project shall improve the online e-post
product with deliveries: - Fix basic issues that existing
customer having - New login solution - New mail
functionality in web interface, implement functionality from
other Telenor services and functionality needed to gain new
customer segments. Activities to be performed - Technical
Project Management- deliverables in implementation phase. -
Solution architect that are able to see the complete picture
from different systems/technical areas. - Coordinate and
follow-up of architects and developers on different
technical fields - Take responsibility of project planning
and follow-up all IT deliveries - Adequate reporting to the
Project Manager and IT Delivery - Facilitation: meetings,
workshops etc. related to the Technical project - Ensure
composition of required documentation - Work in accordance
with customers established project process - Planning and
coordination with Telenor’s release regime Competence
requirements • Excellent IT Project Manager competence with
experience with Agile project management preferably
experience from managing an IT part project in Telenor
Norway • Knowledge and competence in Telenor Norway’s IT
value chains and core business processes is an advantage •
Higher education in the IT area or similar • Fluent in
Norwegian and English • Good knowledge in routines and
processes in IT (change management, release management, risk
management etc.) or similar environments. • Knowledge using
Jira / Confluence and other Atlassian Tools. • Experience
and ability to understand mail technology (IMAP, POP etc.) •
Personal qualities o Strong analytical and problem solving
skills o Structured and self-reliant/self-driven o Enjoy
team working o Be a “doer” and dare to challenge o Ability
to deliver on high-priority projects under tight time lines
o Presentation and communication skills o Excellent on
reporting, status and risk o Able to deliver and able to
work on complex problem that need to be solved o Excellent
collaboration skills across part projects and resources in
the project o Customer oriented focus Start and duration:
50% in the period mars – 31.10 Location: Oslo Work load: 50
% Working language: Norwegian Please, apply directly through
our system with - your updated CV - your hourly rate (all
included) - name and telephone number to 2 reference persons
eWork can contact (we will contact your reference persons
first after contact with you) - information on when you are
available to start - in the Motivation describe why you are
suitable for this assignment - refer to earlier assignments,
employments, education and personal qualities.Namn: Lene
Kaada Telefon: 004792452796 E-post:
Lene.Kaada@eworkgroup.comFör att skicka in en ansökan till
detta projekt klicka på Ansök med nån av dina profiler
ovan.Skicka en fråga eller ett tips till Ework om detta
projekt.+46 (0) 8 50 60 55 00 info@eworkgroup.com Terms &
conditions