För kunds räkning söker vi nu en Regulatory Affairs
Engineer, enligt nedan:   The Role Regulatory Affairs is the
decision authority on regulatory, environmental and export
control matters across the organization. The function
proposes and implements company policy on regulatory issues
such as: compliance, labelling review, product
registrations, standardization, regulatory strategy, post
market surveillance, radiation safety, etc. The function
Regulatory Affairs is now looking for a Regulatory Affairs
Engineer. The Regulatory Affairs Engineer works as part of
the European team to support the customers organization
globally in the delivery of its products in a regulated
environment. You will work closely with business areas
including manufacturing and supply chain, research and
development and engineering. You will liaison with
regulatory authorities. This is a high impact role that
works in a fast-paced dynamic environment and makes a
meaningful contribution to the customers business. The
position is placed in Stockholm. Your key responsibilities
are: • Support the implementation of the new European
Medical Device Regulation • Provide guidance on product
regulation and translate into meaningful business
requirements • Gain market access for our regulated products
including submissions • Communicate with regional and
business teams and prepare responses on all governing agency
actions • Review promotional labelling • Represent
Regulatory Affairs in new product development as well as in
product maintenance • Participate in product release process
• Participate in regulatory process improvements work Is
this you? To be successful in this role we would prefer
solid experience in Regulatory Affairs. You have gained
experienced at an industrial company working with
manufacturing or product development, preferably in the
MedTech or Medical devices industry. We value experience
from working with quality assurance, compliance issues and
experience from working with internal and external audits.
We also value your ability to apply your expertise to a
variety of problems and being able to find smart solutions
within the regulatory and quality area. Your English skills
are excellent, both orally and written. You have a Bachelor
of Science (Mechanical, Electrical, Industrial Engineering,
etc.) or equivalent engineering degree. We are looking for a
Regulatory Affairs professional, preferably with experience
in product development and submissions strategies, or
equivalent.  In this recruitment, your personal attributes
will be of great importance! We are looking for someone who
has great communication skills and has the ability to work
unsupervised under own initiative. We also see you as an
analytic and flexible person in your way of working.
Excellent problem-solving skills are also highly valued.  
Years of experience 3   Skills Solid experience in
Regulatory Affairs You have gained experienced at an
industrial company working with manufacturing or product
development, preferably in the MedTech or Medical devices
industry We value experience from working with quality
assurance, compliance issues and experience from working
with internal and external audits. Start: Omgående
Placeringsort: 100% på plats hos kund, Stockholm  Profinder
– erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  | 
Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  | 
Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion