  Drive the success of our Productivity Engineering tools
and services. Leverage market analysis, competitive
understanding, and stakeholder research (both your own and
others) to define the roadmap for Productivity Engineering
and bring the best of consumer web social and collaboration
technology to the enterprise. Translate product strategy
into detailed requirements and then work with developers to
get it built, get it launched, and help make our employees
productive. Bring a detailed eye for user experience and
design to ensure features drive high adoption and customer
enthusiasm Facilitate communication throughout the
development process between a variety of internal teams as
well as customer-facing teams, ensuring that products
satisfy employee needs and are highly adopted Serve as a
product evangelist with the company and the go-to
organization to help everyone understand Productivity
Engineering vision, roadmap, and best practices.   To be
successful, you have experience in the following areas:  
Motivation – You are someone who has a sincere appreciation
for the role that automation can play at a company like
this, and you can share this passion for motivating the team
and the broader organization.   Product Leadership – You are
someone who loves to inspire engineering teams and building
partnerships with multiple stakeholders. You are comfortable
with automation and prefer cloud-native technologies and
tools.  You have experience with applications focused on
collaboration and are comfortable with identity and access
management. You have experience building both systems and
processes at scale.   You will be responsible for leading a
fast-growing engineering organization. You will work closely
with R&D, security, finance and business teams to deliver
systems, software, and projects that help the company
achieve its goals, and ultimately guide the future of music.
  What We Value Innovation, collaboration, transparency,
passion, and playfulness are a start. We’re looking for
someone who understands a good culture and will help shape
it as it evolves.   Job Posting Start Date:   2018-12-05 Job
Posting End Date:   2019-03-08  Profinder – erfarna
konsulter inom IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr.
556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  | 
LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion