Till vår kund söker vi en System Specialist IP-Access
Configuration & Operations, enligt nedan:   The Team
IP-Access Configuration & Operations is a team consisting of
12 highly skilled system specialists within IP network
working within the IP Network department. The team has the
responsibility to configure and maintain operations of the
IP networks managed by Shared Operations. The main tasks are
to deliver best in class IP network services to end users
customers and to mobile networks. IP-Access Configuration &
Operations is the last line of support for escalations for
IP Access network related trouble tickets. The team is On
Call 24/7/265 towards NOC and internal interfaces. IP-Access
Configuration & Operations is a stakeholder within strategy
and design as well as a key participant when it comes to low
level detail planning and configuration. The team works with
several vendors such Cisco, Juniper, Ericsson, Alcatel, etc
with products within IP networks and DSL Networks The Role
Your role as system specialist within IP-Access
Configuration & Operations could include works within IP
network delivery (coordination, planning, preparation,
execution and follow up), software upgrades, as well as
advanced troubleshooting related to alarms or trouble
tickets. Often together with internal interfaces as well as
external interfaces such as vendors or partners. You will
acts as support to the IP-Access Configuration & Operations
team to enable the main resources to focus on key projects
currently ongoing. The activities will require works during
maintenance window (night works) 1-4 times / week. You
should be able to have a short starting period, contributing
within a short period of time, as well as sharing and
proposing ideas of how the team can do things differently or
more efficient. It is required that you should be able to
work independently as well as take the responsibility as a
team player. It’s very important to be flexible, pragmatic
and not afraid of asking any questions. Qualifications You
have several years of experience working within IP networks
and DSL networks. You should consider yourself being an IP
network specialist of medium seniority. You should have been
working with Cisco, Juniper as well as Ericsson, Alcatel and
more. You know switching and routing and know how it could
be used different implementations. It is good if you are
certified within Juniper and/or Cisco. It is good if you
have been working within an operator before to truly
understand the End-to-End end user customer utilizing
various services over the IP networks. You speak and write
Swedish and English fluently. It’s good if you have
knowledge within programming and scripting Start: Så snart
som möjligt Placeringsort: 100% på plats hos kunden,
StockholmProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom IT, Teknik och
Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08 750 49
00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa skrivbordsversion