The Connectivity group within R&D at the customer seeks a
System Tester to join one of our system development teams.
The team’s objective is to deliver awesome user experiences
through apps and cloud backend solutions to our connected
consumer appliances. Each team has a main product focus, but
since the technology platform is shared, a lot of the work
in the teams have to be synchronized between them. The teams
have full-stack responsibility, together they need to master
system architecture, backend development, app development on
iOS and Android platform as well as system testing. In this
position we are looking for someone that can take lead
responsibility in system testing and making sure we design
the products for testability. The candidate must however be
willing and able to work in the other areas within the
team’s responsibility as well.   We work side-by-side with
our product management teams, project managers and UX design
team. We foster a Build-Test-Learn environment where
everyone plays an active part in creating awesome customer
experiences. The company is committed to attract, keep and
enable a diverse team to own and deliver in all defined
areas. Gender equality is a key focus. When hiring
consultants, we require among the final three candidates
presented to us to be at least one female.   We are
currently in the process of scaling our development from one
to many in the product, project and team dimensions. In
addition to developing product functionality, cooperation
between the teams within the competence areas are required.
  The work includes ·         Analyzing new needs together
with product managers, UX and system designers ·        
Producing test strategies, test plans and test cases
·         Performing manual tests, exploratory tests, load
tests, etc. ·         Automating test and maintaining
automated test suites ·         Defining interfaces to
separate “system under test” for efficient test automation
·         Participating in creation and maintenance of the
development backlog ·         Communicating status daily to
the rest of the team, and being open to helping out where
most needed ·         Contributing to demos and other
activities that are generating stakeholder feedback
·         Take an active part in team improvement work  
Required competence and experience ·         > 5 years of
experience in testing IT systems, apps or products ·        
> 3 years of experience in system IoT systems including apps
·         Knowledge of tools for app and system tests for
IoT systems (Appium, MS Test, Jenkins) ·         Programming
skills to write and maintain automated test suits (Python,
C# etc) ·         Previously worked with full-stack product
centered teams that deliver to multiple stakeholders
·         Experience of product development and maintenance
in the same team ·         Proficient in choosing and
maintaining a development toolchain for system testing IoT  
Personality ·         Quick learner, energetic problem
solver ·         Enthusiastic about creating and improving
ways of working ·         Confident but without personal
prestige ·         Thriving on cooperation, getting things
done and awesome user experiences   Extra credits for
·         Build server and deploy management for test and
production systems ·         Release management knowledge
for test releases (Hockey App, Test Flight) and product
releases (Google Play, Apple App Store) ·         Product
development experience   Uppdragsstart: 2018-06-18
Uppdragsslut: 2019-06-19Profinder – erfarna konsulter inom
IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08
750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa
skrivbordsversion