Nu söker vi en Transformation Manager, enligt nedan:   We
are looking for an agile evangelist with deep knowledge
combined with the experience how to adapt principals
successful in an organization with focus. You are
comfortable in challenging the status quo and is able to
argue their case in order to lead and inspire digital
transformation at the company. You have previous experience
as an agile transformation manager with great result.   We
are a support function and work in the delivery
organizations teams. The agile transformation team consists
of 20+ Agile coaches and Scrum Masters (can change over
time) who will help you to drive the transformation. You
will be part of Operational Excellence leadership team which
also consists of Quality Excellence, Process Excellence and
DevOps. Job description This position involves leading and
managing transformation initiatives that are critical for
successful transformation of the organization. You must be
able to engage and manage multiple stakeholder groups,
prioritize deliverables and navigate a matrixed
organization. Leverage agile expertise to develop and
implement agile framework and practices across the
organization. Inspire continuous improvements, innovation
and fail fast culture to make people awesome The manager has
responsibility for driving transformation for the company.
Coach your team and be responsible for budget and allocation
of your personal.   Responsibility Develop agile center of
excellence to support our transformation. Design and
implement long-term strategic goals balance with short-term
tactical plans for our transformation. Driving big room
planning Facilitate and drive common frameworks for the
organization Bring ideas and structure to problems using
experience and agile models. Lead a team of 20 Agile Coaches
and Scrum Masters to support our delivery organization in
building mature self-organized teams with that find the
optimized level of speed and quality. Analyze trends within
agile and lean to find the best adaptions for the company.
Attract, recruit, manage, and mentor great people
maintaining a high bar of performance.   We are looking for
Experience in leading and implementing large scale
Enterprise-agile transformation with success record.
Demonstrated ability to build momentum for change and
carrying the team across the finish line in making it
happen. Proven ability to work creatively and analytically
in a problem-solving environment. Excellent communication
skills (written and oral) and comfortable in discussing with
developers as well as hold presentations and moderate
workshops with senior management. Proven ability to build,
manage and foster a team-oriented environment. You believe
and practice servant leadership, but can also be a manager
when needed. Ability to manage multiple initiatives at once
in a fast paced entrepreneurial environment. Calm under
pressure and comfort with problem solving ambiguity.
Background from previous roles within IT.   Job Posting
Start Date:   2019-03-18 Job Posting End Date:   2019-06-15
Placeringsort: StockholmProfinder – erfarna konsulter inom
IT, Teknik och Management  |  Orgnr. 556684-0616  | Tel: 08
750 49 00Stockholm  |  Göteborg  |  LinköpingVisa
skrivbordsversion